*************We get the above columns for all the subjects and Activities.*************************
*** THis data is a measurement of Standard deviation and mean value of each of the measurement against
**** each subject and activity
*****************************************************************************************************
tbodyacc_std_x                       tbodyacc_std_y                       tbodyacc_std_z                      
tgravityacc_std_x                    tgravityacc_std_y                    tgravityacc_std_z                   
tbodyaccjerk_std_x                   tbodyaccjerk_std_y                   tbodyaccjerk_std_z                  
tbodygyro_std_x                      tbodygyro_std_y                      tbodygyro_std_z                     
tbodygyrojerk_std_x                  tbodygyrojerk_std_y                  tbodygyrojerk_std_z                 
tbodyaccmag_std                      tgravityaccmag_std                   tbodyaccjerkmag_std                 
tbodygyromag_std                     tbodygyrojerkmag_std                 fbodyacc_std_x                      
fbodyacc_std_y                       fbodyacc_std_z                       fbodyaccjerk_std_x                  
fbodyaccjerk_std_y                   fbodyaccjerk_std_z                   fbodygyro_std_x                     
fbodygyro_std_y                      fbodygyro_std_z                      fbodyaccmag_std                     
fbodybodyaccjerkmag_std              fbodybodygyromag_std                 fbodybodygyrojerkmag_std            
tbodyacc_mean_y                      tbodyacc_mean_z                      tgravityacc_mean_x                  
tgravityacc_mean_y                   tgravityacc_mean_z                   tbodyaccjerk_mean_x                 
tbodyaccjerk_mean_y                  tbodyaccjerk_mean_z                  tbodygyro_mean_x                    
tbodygyro_mean_y                     tbodygyro_mean_z                     tbodygyrojerk_mean_x                
tbodygyrojerk_mean_y                 tbodygyrojerk_mean_z                 tbodyaccmag_mean                    
tgravityaccmag_mean                  tbodyaccjerkmag_mean                 tbodygyromag_mean                   
tbodygyrojerkmag_mean                fbodyacc_mean_x                      fbodyacc_mean_y                     
fbodyacc_mean_z                      fbodyacc_meanfreq_x                  fbodyacc_meanfreq_y                 
fbodyacc_meanfreq_z                  fbodyaccjerk_mean_x                  fbodyaccjerk_mean_y                 
fbodyaccjerk_mean_z                  fbodyaccjerk_meanfreq_x              fbodyaccjerk_meanfreq_y             
fbodyaccjerk_meanfreq_z              fbodygyro_mean_x                     fbodygyro_mean_y                    
fbodygyro_mean_z                     fbodygyro_meanfreq_x                 fbodygyro_meanfreq_y                
fbodygyro_meanfreq_z                 fbodyaccmag_mean                     fbodyaccmag_meanfreq                
fbodybodyaccjerkmag_mean             fbodybodyaccjerkmag_meanfreq         fbodybodygyromag_mean               
fbodybodygyromag_meanfreq            fbodybodygyrojerkmag_mean            fbodybodygyrojerkmag_meanfreq       
angle_tbodyaccmean_gravity_          angle_tbodyaccjerkmean__gravitymean_ angle_tbodygyromean_gravitymean_    
angle_tbodygyrojerkmean_gravitymean_ angle_x_gravitymean_                 angle_y_gravitymean_                
angle_z_gravitymean_                
*****************************************************************************************************************
